At the moment this is an empty class definition.
And even though we can create objects of this class they're not much use as there's nothing in them.
Objects of a class have certain attributes of properties.
For example the user has a username maybe an email address and so on a book has a title an Arthur an
S B encode and so on.
Let's add some properties to our Item class an item has a name and a description.
Properties are declared as variables inside the class definition.
The public keyword is used to set the visibility of the property will learn more about visibility chartley
properties are just variables that are associated to an individual object so we can set the value of
a property like this to access a property of an object.
We use it dash and the greater than symbol.
If we run this cold in the browser we can see the two properties that have been defined.
The name has been set to the string example and the description property is null.
If you don't specify a value for a property by default it's set to NULL.
We can read the value of a property in the same way.
So if I change this vadon line to just print out the value of the name property like that when we run
the code that's what we get.
When we declare a property in the class we can optionally give it a default value like this.
If we don't do this then the default value for the property is null.
Let's change the vadon line to print out the description instead like that and then when we won the
cold we see the default value of the property.
As with any variable you can overwrite this default value like this.
What we've done here is define some properties and then we've used these properties when we created
an object.
P H.
P actually doesn't require you to do this however.
For example let's assign a value to a property that we haven't defined and then change the vadon line
to print out the whole object like that.
When we run this code there are no errors and we set a price property on the object.
Even though we didn't declare it in the class as a property.
I'll thorpey HP lets you do this.
It's not generally a good idea.
It's best to declare any property you want to use first in the class definition of LP P won't show you
an error just as we saw some code editors will actually complain about this.
If you don't declare the properties first.